#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass ucdavisthesis
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 0
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Information on Preparation of a Dissertation or Thesis
\end_layout

\begin_layout AbstractChapter
This chapter is about bla bla bla.
 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
 Donec posuere justo quis nulla sollicitudin pretium.
 Praesent blandit, dui vitae iaculis molestie, mauris enim hendrerit sem,
 aliquam convallis velit sapien sit amet ligula.
 Aenean ac massa neque.
 Fusce cursus lacus tellus, nec luctus turpis mattis in.
 Donec et justo vitae velit pulvinar semper sit amet ut libero.
 Integer at tortor ut odio cursus auctor ut vitae turpis.
 Cras ac cursus velit.
 Duis venenatis, diam non mattis dapibus, felis lorem placerat erat, non
 auctor nunc augue ac nisl.
 Donec elementum sed justo eget scelerisque.
 Aliquam auctor egestas enim vel ultricies.
 Nunc nec tempus odio, ac auctor justo.
 Ut rutrum ipsum libero, at mattis orci eleifend sit amet.
 Aliquam congue eleifend ante, et semper ipsum elementum a.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The text for this example dissertation is taken from the Graduate Studies
 web site
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Please see 
\family typewriter
http://gradstudies.ucdavis.edu/students/filing.html
\family default
 for the latest information.
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 Please read through it carefully to make sure that your dissertation/thesis
 meets the university requirements.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For information and assistance in the preparation of your thesis or dissertation
, please contact the Student Affairs Coordinator responsible for your program.
 You must make an appointment with the Student Affairs Coordinator in order
 to file your thesis or dissertation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
You are responsible for observing the filing dates and for preparing the
 thesis in the proper format.
 As part of the electronic filing process you will complete the PQIL Masters
 Thesis Agreement (Master's students) or the UMI Doctoral Dissertation Agreement
 (Ph.D.
 students) on which you indicate your willingness to have the University
 supply copies of your thesis to interested persons immediately, or the
 dissertation submitted to ProQuest.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
You must have committee approval (title page signed off by committee) before
 submitting your thesis/dissertation electronically.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Filing your dissertation or thesis is the last step in the process leading
 to the awarding of your degree.
 The final copy of your thesis or dissertation, which is ultimately deposited
 in the University Library, becomes a permanent and official record.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Specifications
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Consult the calendar for the dates to file your thesis or dissertation at
 Graduate Studies.
 The dates are also in the General Catalog.
 You are responsible for observing the filing dates and for preparing the
 thesis or dissertation in the proper form.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Your thesis/dissertation must be submitted via the ETD website as a single
 PDF file.
 No file compression, password protection, or digital signature are allowed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Style and Format
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
You should be guided on matters of style by the chair and members of your
 thesis committee.
 Graduate Studies is not concerned with the form of the bibliography, appendix,
 footnotes, etc.
 as long as they are done in some acceptable, consistent and recognized
 manner approved by your committee.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are many valuable references available to assist students in preparing
 and writing research papers and theses 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Gibaldi:80, Strunk:00, UoCPress:03"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Listed below are references that have been suggested by students and faculty
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Be sure to search the internet for additional writing resources.
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
MLA Handbook for Writers of Research Papers, Theses and Dissertations, by
 Joseph Gibaldi and Walter S.
 Achtert: The Modern Language Association of America, 4th ed., 1980.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The Elements of Style, by William Strunk, Jr., E.B.
 White and Roger Angell: Longman, 4th ed., 2000.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The Lively Art of Writing, by Lucile V.
 Payne, Mentor Books, reissue ed., 1983.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The Chicago Manual of Style, University of Chicago Press, 15th ed., 2003.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Title/Signature Page
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
You will need to produce two different title/signature pages:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
A title/signature page which will include a signature line above each committee
 members typed name.
 The signature page is to be signed by all members of your committee when
 they have approved the thesis or dissertation.
 All committee members must sign the same page and only original signatures
 will be accepted.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
A title page with the typed names of your thesis/dissertation committee
 without signatures.
 This will be the first page of the electronic thesis/dissertation PDF file
 which you will submit via the ETD website.
 This second format is required to prevent the publication of the signatures
 of your committee members.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Make an appointment with your Student Affairs Officer in Graduate Studies
 to submit the signature page and required forms.
 To find your assigned Student Affairs Officer in Graduate Studies, go to
 the Graduate Programs page and click on your program, then click on 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

People.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 You will find their name and contact information there.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Margins
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Every page of the dissertation or thesis must have a one inch margin on
 all sides (top, bottom, left and right).
 However, the page number may appear outside of these margins.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Please Note: These minimum specifications also apply to all figures, charts,
 graphs, illustrations and appendices.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Spacing
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Double spacing should be used in typing the thesis, except in those places
 where conventional usage calls for single spacing – for example, footnotes,
 indented quotations, tables, and the bibliography.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Pagination
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The preliminary pages, including the title page are numbered with small
 Roman Numerals which are centered at the bottom of the page.
 Begin numbering the preliminaries in lower case Roman Numerals with the
 title page which is always 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

i
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The text and all other pages of the thesis or dissertation, including charts,
 figures, caption pages, maps, and appendices are all numbered consecutively
 starting with Arabic 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

1
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 These page numbers should also be centered at the bottom of the page.
 (In most cases, this will start with the Introduction or Chapter 1.) Do
 not start renumbering pages at any point in the body of your thesis or
 dissertation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With the exception of the copyright page (which should not be numbered or
 counted in the numbering sequence), every page must be numbered consecutively
 and there must be no blank pages.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Typeface
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Consistency is essential.
 The same font size and style must be used throughout.
 Use a font size between 10 and 13 points.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Any font style is acceptable, however you must make sure all your fonts
 are embedded fonts.
 See the instructions for embedded fonts on the ETD website.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Paper
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Your thesis/dissertation must be submitted electronically; therefore, the
 Office of Graduate Studies does not require you to provide a printed copy
 of your manuscript.
 However, members of your committee and/or your graduate program may require
 that you provide them with a paper copy.
 Consult with your graduate program and thesis/dissertation committee regarding
 printed copy requirements.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
