#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass ucdavisthesis
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 0
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
The Second Chapter
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Overall Appearance
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
You are responsible for the appearance of your manuscript in PDF.
 It will appear and may be downloaded exactly as you submit it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Tables, Graphs and Captions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Charts and tables may be placed horizontally or vertically, but in either
 case must fit within the required margins.
 It may be necessary to use a reducing copier in order to achieve this.
 If necessary, wide tables, charts, and figures can be placed sideways.
 Figures may be embedded in the text or take up a full page.
 Each figure or table must be numbered consecutively (do not renumber each
 chapter unless you include chapter numbers, e.g., Fig.
 1.1, Fig.
 2.1, etc.) and should have a caption.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
NOTE: If your figures or charts are placed horizontally on the page (i.e.
 in Landscape orientation), your page number must still appear in the same
 place as all other page numbers (centered at the bottom of the page in
 Portrait orientation).
 Pagination must be consistent throughout the document.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Photographs, Illustrations and Maps
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Plates, figures, illustrations, maps and photographic reproductions must
 be clear and distinct.
 Pagination must be consistent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Oversized Material
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Consult the ETD website guidelines for uploading supplemental files with
 your manuscript.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Using Published Material
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If approved by the thesis or dissertation committee, reports of research
 undertaken during graduate study at UC Davis which have been published
 may be accepted in printed form as all or part of the master's thesis or
 doctoral dissertation.
 If you are not the sole or first author of the published material submitted,
 the use of co-authored materials must be approved by the department or
 graduate group concerned.
 The pages of the published material must meet the same formatting guidelines.
 Each chapter may have an abstract of its own.
 There must be a general abstract covering the entire dissertation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Copyrighted Material Use
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Since the submission of your thesis or dissertation to the University Library
 and/or its being made available by PQIL may constitute a form of publication,
 you may have to obtain permission to use (or quote) copyrighted material,
 such as that in most journal articles or books.
 It is the author (i.e.
 you) who is responsible in the matter of copyrighted materials.
 The agreement, which you submit to PQIL, specifically absolves them of
 any such responsibility.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If you quote extensively from a particular author, especially in fields
 such as fiction, drama, criticism, or poetry, or if copyrighted maps, charts,
 statistical tables, or similar materials have been reproduced, you must
 write the copyright owner(s), describe the use which you are making of
 the materials, and request permission to use it in the dissertation or
 thesis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For your protection, a statement listing such materials should be included
 in the acknowledgements of the dissertation or thesis.
 The statement should inform the reader (1) that permission has been granted
 for their use, and (2) the source of the permission.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Dates of Filing
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Check the calendar for deadlines for filing the master's thesis or the doctoral
 dissertation with the committees in charge and with Graduate Studies.
 Deadlines are also announced each year in the Class Schedule and Registration
 Guide and the General Catalog.
 The deadline for filing with your committee is a recommended deadline to
 allow time for making revisions.
 The deadline for filing with Graduate Studies is firm.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It is important to bring all documents, forms and supplies with you when
 you file your thesis or dissertation.
 Please review the checklist for master's or doctoral students prior to
 your appointment.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Title Page
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Graduate Studies does not supply the title page.
 You must prepare your title page in accordance with the sample.
 The title page is to be signed by all members of your committee when they
 have approved the thesis or dissertation.
 Only the original title page will be accepted with the thesis or dissertation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Dissertation Abstracts
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Master's theses and doctoral dissertations are required to include an abstract.
 If your abstract appears in the introductory pages of your thesis/dissertation
 manuscript, it must follow the same format as the rest of your thesis/dissertat
ion (1 inch margin on all sides, double-spaced, consecutive page numbering,
 etc.).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A separate abstract is submitted to ProQuest Information and Learning (PQIL)
 during the electronic submission process and must be formatted following
 the guidelines on the ETD website.
 It is important to write an abstract that gives a clear description of
 the content and major divisions of the thesis/dissertation, since PQIL
 will publish the abstract exactly as submitted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Students completing their requirements under doctoral Plan A should provide
 copies of the abstract for use by the dissertation committee during the
 examination.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Diploma
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When you file your thesis or dissertation, you will receive a Letter of
 Certification that states you have completed all the requirements for your
 degree and which will provide the official conferral date of your degree.
 This certificate may be given to your employer for proof of degree until
 the Registrar's Office issues an official transcript or diploma.
 You must complete a form to request your transcript or diploma.
 Official transcripts normally are available two months after the official
 degree conferral date, diplomas normally are available four months after
 this date.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Copyright and Publication
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The copyright law of the United States is quite complex.
 The information contained in this section is only a general guide - more
 detailed information must be obtained from other sources.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Whether or not you copyright your thesis or dissertation, you retain the
 right to publish all or any part of it by any means at any time, except
 for reproduction from a negative microfilm as described in the agreement
 with PQIL.
 Should you decide to copyright your thesis or dissertation, you must include
 a separate unnumbered copyright page after the title page.
 By adding this copyright notice, which should be included in all copies
 you distribute, you have copyrighted your thesis or dissertation.
 At this point you have several options:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
You may have the copyright registered for you by PQIL.
 Along with the UMI Doctoral Dissertation Agreement, you will need to submit
 a fee to cover the copyright cost.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
You may register the copyright yourself by submitting to the Registrar of
 Copyrights the appropriate application form, a filing fee and one or two
 copies of the work.
 In order to have full protection against infringement, this should be done
 as soon as possible.
 Information and forms can be obtained from the Registrar of Copyrights,
 Library of Congress, Washington D.C.
 20559.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
You may choose to copyright your thesis or dissertation by adding the copyright
 notice, submitting a copy to the Registrar of Copyrights, but not registering
 it.
 (Federal copyright law requires that copies of all works published with
 notices of copyright be deposited with the Library of Congress, even if
 the copyright is not registered).
 However, to protect your rights in a copyright dispute and in order to
 be compensated for damages caused by infringement, your copyright must
 be registered.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Filing Fee
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Filing Fee was established expressly to assist those students who have
 completed all requirements for degrees except filing theses or dissertations
 and/or taking final examinations (master's comprehensive exams or doctoral
 final examinations) and are no longer using University facilities.
 The Filing Fee is a reduced fee paid in lieu of registration fees.
 It is assessed only once and must be paid to the Cashier's Office prior
 to submission of the form to Graduate Studies.
 Filing Fee status restrictions (more restrictions are noted on the application
 instruction sheet): 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
You may not be using University facilities; 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
You cannot be using faculty time other than the time involved in the final
 reading of the thesis or dissertation or in holding final examinations;
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
You are not eligible to hold any academic appointment title for more than
 1 quarter; 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
You cannot hold a fellowship or receive financial aid.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If you are eligible to use the Filing Fee procedure, you should complete
 a Filing Fee application, obtain the signature of the Graduate Adviser
 and your Committee chair, and return the application to Graduate Studies
 before you stop registering.
 The Filing Fee must be paid prior to submitting the application to Graduate
 Studies.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Original (initial) filing fee deadlines adhere to registration deadlines.
 For example, if you were approved for one quarter of filing fee, you would
 be eligible to submit your dissertation or thesis up to the last day of
 late registration for the following quarter.
 If you do not submit by that date your filing fee status will expire and
 you would need to secure an extension from your program and from Graduate
 Studies.
 Filing fee extensions end the date noted on the petition.
 Make sure your filing fee is current before you submit your dissertation
 or thesis.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
